---
layout: post
title: about this project
slug: about
---

This is a blog where I share my thoughts. Honestly it’s just a space for reflection, mostly cultural analysis. As I am going into a so-called “helping field,” that is social work, a lot of the things I write will be looking at this field/complex through a broad critical lens, examining how social work (un)consciously reproduces systems of domination. One question that I keep grappling with, taken from Moten and Harney, is how to be “in but not of” the university, and later on, as a social worker in the field. 

I’ve named the blog “deleuluze” after Gilles Deleuze. The delulu part can be interpreted in many ways: maybe I want to be like Deleuze but am delusional, maybe I’m trying to make fun of millennials and their slang, maybe Deleuze was delusional? I also quite like Zizek, who sort of detests Deleuze and Guattari. But who knows, maybe this blog will finally inspire me to read Anti-Oedipus cover to cover.

One thing I’ve struggled with throughout the years is a desire to be/feel heard, but filtered through the ideology of neoliberal capitalism, that means that I have focused a lot of time on getting published in various forms of media and hyperfixating on how many views they get. This has resulted in only a small amount of published works, with many ideas left unwritten.

I think part of this blog is the hope (however illusory) that I will be able to write more of my ideas down and develop them further. I hope that whoever reads this (or my zines) will recognize that these are my thoughts; they are oftentimes contradictory, sometimes problematic, and occasionally, I hope, interesting. Enjoy.
